Describe repo contents in README (#96)
aranya-project/aranya-core: README.md

# Aranya Core

Aranya is lovingly crafted and supported by [SpiderOak](https://spideroak.com/).
Aranya is licensed under the [AGPL](LICENSE.md)- if you want to use it
commercially, drop us a line!

## What's Contained In This Repo

This repo is a cargo workspace for the Rust implementation for the core of the
Aranya platform. This is a library that includes the storage module (for DAG
and FactDB), crypto module (with default crypto engine automatically selected),
sync engine, and runtime client (including policy VM).

> Additionally, includes [Aranya Fast Channels](crates/aranya-fast-channels/) to
> enable encrypted channels between 2 peers allowing either unidirectional or
> bidirectional communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also includes [Aranya Fast Channels](crates/aranya-fast-channels/) to
enable encrypted channels between 2 peers allowing either unidirectional or
bidirectional communication.
```
We'll have to update this whenever Quic Channels materializes, but for now this should be fine standalone

More documentation on Aranya is provided here:
[Aranya Documentation](https://aranya-project.github.io/aranya-docs/).

> ## Cargo Make

Reviewer 2: The title for this section should describe what it's for, e.g. "Installation", "Usage", "Getting Started" etc. You can check out other examples online for ideas. Also, the section should start by saying that the code is written in Rust and requires having Rust installed (+ whatever other dependencies)

Reviewer 3: Maybe even just "Get Started"? What the section does, instead of the tool it uses.

Author: Ah, one thing: this repo has C code and the deps include cmake/clang. It feels a little weird to just say this code is written in Rust and then have C deps listed below that. I mentioned that the repo also includes tools for our C API wrappers, but the wording could be a bit better I think.

Reviewer 4: I was thinking it was awkward how many deps we had when they were listed I think in an `aranya` README. They really are all conditional on what exactly you are doing. In this case for `aranya-core` I think the only current use of C deps is if you enable bearssl, which should just require pretty much any C compiler and regular `make`.

Author: I see. Yeah, I think it can also get a little confusing when they're all listed together. Maybe those deps get mentioned wherever bearssl is used

# Aranya Core

Aranya is lovingly crafted and supported by [SpiderOak](https://spideroak.com/).
Aranya is licensed under the [AGPL](LICENSE.md)- if you want to use it
commercially, drop us a line!

## What is it?

> This repo is a cargo workspace for the Rust implementation for the core of the Aranya platform.

Reviewer 5: We could use some more info on what "core" means.
It's the core technology, utilities, policy VM compiler, policy VM, cryptography, runtime, etc. used by the Aranya product.

Reviewer 5: Oh, I see more info on that in a later section. Seems like what is it and what's contained in this repo could be consolidated into a single what's contained in this repo section.

# Aranya Core

Aranya is lovingly crafted and supported by [SpiderOak](https://spideroak.com/).
Aranya is licensed under the [AGPL](LICENSE.md)- if you want to use it
commercially, drop us a line!

## What's Contained In This Repo

This repo is a cargo workspace for the Rust implementation for the core of the
Aranya platform. This is a library that includes the storage module (for DAG
and FactDB), crypto module (with default crypto engine automatically selected),
sync engine, and runtime client (including policy VM).

It also includes [Aranya Fast Channels](crates/aranya-fast-channels/) to enable
encrypted channels between 2 peers allowing either unidirectional or
bidirectional communication.

More documentation on Aranya is provided here:
[Aranya Documentation](https://aranya-project.github.io/aranya-docs/).

## Get Started

Aranya Core is written in Rust. Additionally, this repo contains tools for our
C API wrappers. The full list of dependencies is below.

### Dependencies

- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) (Find version info in the
[rust-toolchain.toml](rust-toolchain.toml))

> > NOTE: When building with Rust, the compiler will automatically download and

Reviewer 4: nit: rustup is the toolchain manager
```suggestion
> NOTE: When building with Rust, rustup will automatically download and
```

> More documentation on Aranya is provided here: [Aranya Documentation](https://aranya-project.github.io/aranya-docs/).

Reviewer: is there any point to thinking about "mapping" what's in aranya-core to a specific category on the docs site? I'm not sure whether or not they should be connected or if docs should be free to structure however makes sense. Would be nice to eventually link to a single category in this repo that contains all the nitty gritty details about what all's in here (see below with crypto engine, sync engine, DAG, FactDB, that would fill up a category right there). This would probably be after we add a "landing page" to each category header that @smckeon-so was talking about

Reviewer 3: That'll be a future improvement we can make, but not a right not thing.

Author: Yeah, agree with the landing page idea. There's just a lot in this repo and it would be nice if it were easy for folks to learn about all of those different pieces and how this repo is different/interacts with the aranya repo (ig kinda depends on how we want to market it). But, I think the planned work on the integration docs will help clarify the latter half of that.

Reviewer 5: We could also consider mapping from the docs site into the repos. We'll want to put some thought into how to make the links robust enough that URLs don't break as changes are made. Repo urls aren't likely to change, docs pages are more likely to change, but the docs site landing page isn't likely to change.

# run correctness checks
makers correctness
```

## Contributing

Find information on contributing to the Aranya project in
[`CONTRIBUTING.md`](https://github.com/aranya-project/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Maintainers

> This repository is maintained by software engineers employed at [SpiderOak](https://spideroak.com/)

Reviewer 5: Could add that to the first section of this README

> This repository is maintained by software engineers employed at [SpiderOak](https://spideroak.com/)

Author: Yeah, this wording matches the aranya repo's maintainers section but can add that bit in the first section
